# 资深安全开发运维工程师


## Overview

This job is to work with Product Development team in the Software Development Life Cycle (SDLC) to guide the projects to release products or services with the advanced knowledge of DevOps tool chain in security solution. We are constantly pushing updates and iterating on all of our products and services. Using your leadership and technical expertise, you will communicate with product development team and lead the complex application releases pipeline for production and develop major improvements in the whole software release cycle. Support and improve our solutions for release process related to security CI/CD, code security, Infra as code, test automation, etc.:


## Qualifications

1. Design, implement and Management of security CI/CD process and release artifacts (source code, document and release build) with multiple systems (GitHub, Jenkins, Fortify, Black Duck, AWS/Azure, Nexus, Docker…)
2. Provide release process, code security and security tool chain consultant service to product development teams.
3. Watching and Evaluating the new industrial technologies on DevOps tool chain and code security.

For this position, we expected he/she can share knowledge, best practice with colleagues, and will be assigned to specific projects which he/she will be full responsible for above area. In this position, he/she will keep his/her skills up-to-date by working with the latest technologies.


## Responsibilities

- At least 3 years of experience in software development or equivalent work experience.
- Solid knowledge of either one of backend programming such as C++, GoLang, Java, Python.
- Strong experiences on CI/CD solution setup for official software product release.
- Familiar with multiple DevOps relevant tools. (GitHub, Jenkins, Nexus, Docker, Kubernetes… etc.)
- Familiar with secure code scanning relevant tools. (Fortify, Black Duck… etc.)
- Familiar with public cloud solution like: AWS, Azure.
- Familiar with project management and agile practices, like Scrum.
- Strong communication skills and willing to take challenges.
- Good English read/write and oral skill is required.
- Familiar with Azure Devops, AWS CodeBuild, CodePipeline is a plus