# 技术支持专家


## Responsibilities

- Deliver high quality solutions to customers quickly, courteously and cost-effectively
- Provide the highest level of technical support to our customers through technical expertise
- Provide Advanced Technical Support to customers.
- Handle cases coming from Premium Enterprise Customers, Channels/Partners/Resellers as well as act as escalation point to our Level 2 support engineers.
- Work closely with software development team and Service Engineering Group in identifying and resolving the problem; effectively interact with the engineering teams to provide solutions to complex technical issues.
- Product Testing/Beta Testing
- Maintain and expand working knowledge of current Trend Micro products as well as their integration and methods of support delivery
- Email and phone support, willing to be assigned on night shifts


## Qualifications

### Soft Skills:
- Required language(s): Must have a good command of Chinese and English.
- Delivery effective customer service
- Manage multiple complicated assignments simultaneously
- Self-motivated and a team Player - able to work independently
- Passionate interest in IT and possess initiative to keep up with current IT trends.
- Enjoys working in a challenging environment

### Mandatory Skill:
- Candidate must possess at least a Bachelor's Degree in Engineering (Computer/Telecommunication), Computer Science/Information Technology or equivalent.
- Knowledge in software test automation or experience in software test tools development is a plus
- Minimum Three (3) Years’ experience as a Technical Support Engineer or a system administrator
- Practice and troubleshooting experience on Windows or Linux
- Practice and troubleshooting experience on Network (OSI) and protocols

### Optional Skill:
- Practice and troubleshooting experience on AIX and Solaris
- Hands-on experience in Virtualization environment (vSphere, AWS, Azure, etc)
- Technical Certification is a plus (ex. CCNA, CCNP, HCNA, HCNP, MCITP, RHCE, VCP, etc).
- Security Certification is a plus (ex. CISSP, SANs, GIAC, ICSA, etc).
- Help Desk / Support Experience is an advantage
