# Senior Technical Writer 技术文档工程师


We're looking for experienced and talented technical writers to join the Human Interface Engineering (HIE) team at our China Development Center in Nanjing. As a Senior Technical Writer, you will work with product managers, design team members, software engineers, QA engineers, and localization engineers to create high-quality print and online documentation for network antivirus and Internet content security software products and services. We are committed to providing our customers with world class security products with world class user documentation.


## Responsibilities

1. Consistently deliver high quality documentation on large/complex projects for a range of security technologies and products targeted at various audiences, including developers, network administrators, and decision makers.
2. Manage documentation projects through meticulous planning and constant coordination with stakeholders and subject matter experts.
3. Proficiently identify and gather necessary information and supply value-added content based on this information.
4. Provide friendly, precise, and consistent user interface labels, message strings, and other interface wording.
5. Support product design by collaborating on customer research activities.
6. Conduct thorough reviews for other writers.


## Qualifications

1. Minimum BS/BA with three years professional technical writing and experience.
2. Excellent communication skills with impeccable written English.
3. Knowledge of technical writing techniques and tools (DITA/XML, DITA/XML authoring, Content Management System, etc.).
4. Knowledge of networking, security, messaging, and multiple operating system environments.
5. Ability to manage complex projects independently or with minimal supervision.
6. Ability to adapt quickly to change and work successfully in an evolving culturally and geographically diverse environment.
7. Ability to locate in Nanjing, China.
8. Native English speaker is a plus but not necessary.

If you are interested in this position, please send your resume both in English and Chinese.